README.md, before:

# PimPyLibrary

This repository provides an python interface for PIMLibrary
## Download submodule
use submodule update for pybind11 submodule once for downloading it.
```
git submodule update --init
```
## How to Build and Install
Below command builds PimPyLibrary interface and installs python package
```
export ROCM_PATH=<path to rocm installation>
pip3 install --trusted-host 'pypi.org' ./PimPyLibrary
```

## Tests
`tests` folder contains python test scripts for testing python bindings
### example
For all tests
`python3 -m unittest unittests/test_*`

For Individual tests
`python3 -m unittest unittests/test_elt_add.py`


## Custom ops
Custom ops are supported for pytorch and tensorflow
### Pytorch custom ops
To install
```
pip3 install --trusted-host 'pypi.org' ./PimPyLibrary/custom-ops/pytorch
```
To run tests in pytorch/unit-tests
```
python3 ./PimPyLibrary/custom-ops/pytorch/unit-tests/test_eltwise_add.py 
```

### Tensorflow custom ops
To install
```
pip3 install --trusted-host 'pypi.org' ./PimPyLibrary/custom-ops/tensorflow -v
```
To run tests in tensorflow/unit-tests
```
python3 ./PimPyLibrary/custom-ops/tensorflow/unit-tests/test_eltwise_add.py

Commit message:

Reorganize repository structure
- move model test folders to example
- update README.md

Signed-off-by: Hyeonsu Kim <hyeonsu.kim@samsung.com>

README.md, after:

# PimPyLibrary

This repository provides an python interface for PIMLibrary.
## Download submodule
Use submodule update for pybind11 submodule once for downloading it.
```
git submodule update --init
```
## How to build and install PIM custom ops
The command below is how to build the PimPyLibrary interface and install the python package.
### Install PimPyLibrary interface
```
export ROCM_PATH=<path to rocm installation>
pip3 install --trusted-host 'pypi.org' ./PimPyLibrary
```

### Install Tensorflow custom ops
```
pip3 install --trusted-host 'pypi.org' ./PimPyLibrary/custom-ops/tensorflow -v
```

### Install Pytroch custom ops
```
pip3 install --trusted-host 'pypi.org' ./PimPyLibrary/custom-ops/pytorch
```

## How to test PIM custom ops
PIM custom ops can be run with numpy and pytorch and tensorflow.
### numpy examples
To run all numpy tests
```
python3 -m unittest ./PimPyLibrary/examples/numpy/test_*.py
```

### Pytorch examples 
To run all Pytorch tests
```
python3 -m unittest ./PimPyLibrary/examples/pytorch/test_*.py 
```

### Tensorflow examples
To run all Tensorflow tests
```
python3 -m unittest ./PimPyLibrary/examples/tensorflow/test_*.py
```
